So I thought of a cool optimization this morning.  
I'm posting it here because this is now my personal blog.  
So in shootyships, physical "things" are split into two parts.  
There's the individual shapes that compose the bounds of the "thing", which are either circles or polygons.  
And a collection of individual shapes are then glued together to a common origin, called a body.  
The shapes never move relative to the body origin. Everything is completely rigid once fixed.  
(Unlike in say, counterstrike, where hitboxes move relative to the character origin due to animations.)
Ships never animate in a way that   changes them physically. That's an axiom that I can never change for a bunch of reasons, including networking.
So that lets me do a bunch of cool optimizations that I already do.
Because if you know the position and rotation of a body, you know the position and rotation of each shape, because their transform offset from the body is fixed and guaranteed.  
One thing I already do is for historical raycasts.  
If I want to raycast against a body 35 frames ago, all I need to know is what the body's origin and rotation where 35 frames ago, and I can recalculate the position and orientation of each of its shapes.  
(I actually go a step further so I don't even need to recalculate the shape position/orientation, by projecting the ray into the body's local space.)  
But this morning I thought of something else I can do.    
So right now, each frame, I move all of the bodies according to their velocity and dynamics.    
And then I update the position and orientation of each body's shapes into one big array, by applying the rules above.  
I don't need to do this for raycasts, since they don't use that information.  
However, I do currently use this for collision.  
But... I don't actually have to.  
See, each body has its own bounding box that I use as a "first pass" check to see if two bodies collide. It's a very cheap calculation.  
So what I can actually do is, only compute the shape positions/orientations for bodies that are actually flagged as being part of a collision that frame.
And cache them for that frame.  
Which, since most bodies aren't colliding with anything that frame, will save me a ton of work. In fact there will be lots of frames where I don't even need to compute any shape position/orientation information.  
As a bonus, this greatly simplifies a lot of my data handling.  
Since shapes are now completely disposable one-frame things, I don't need to maintain references between bodies and shapes.  
Or worry about cleaning up shapes when a body is destroyed.
It's also cache friendly, since I now know a shape will only enter the collision query array if it's actually being used, so the concentration of hot data is much higher.  
That's it, thanks for reading my blog.  