God C++ lambdas are so nice  
Literally just "hey here just inject whatever code you want into the middle of my function" for usually little to no overhead or allocations  
All of that trickery you do in C# with try-finally and such to complete things in using blocks  
I'm doing it now in C++ in a much better way basically for free  
If you want to send a packet, you call a function with a lambda that describes how to fill that packet (and can be anything, can capture values, etc.) and the function opens the packet, callbacks the lambda to fill it, and then when that lambda terminates the packet gets sent  
Which like, you can do in lots of languages  
But not for compile-time free  
With zero allocations   
(And more importantly, zero guilt)  
So for example, here's how you send a simple payload to all connected clients:
``` 
for (net::peer_key_t peer_key : m_peers)
    {
        m_network.payload(peer_key, [](net::send_buffer& buf)
        {
            buf.write("hello client!", "hello client!"_len);
        });
    }
```
You call `payload()` with the `peer_key_t` of the client you want to send to, and you include a fill lambda. That fill lambda is called back with a reference to the buffer that the network controller wants you to populate. So the lambda does so (in this case with a dummy string), and then as soon as that lambda finishes its control flow, the network sends the lambda off to the peer.
And what's cool is that the compiler inlines this, so there isn't any allocation or any real overhead. To the compiler it's as if this code was just added to the contents of the payload() function.  
(Thanks, in part, to template magic.)
Also fun aside, that `_len` suffix.  
constexpr size_t operator "" _len(const char*, size_t len)
{
    return len;
}
C++ lets you define custom literal suffixes. This one is a compile-time suffix that if you stick it on the end of a string literal, will convert that literal into a number corresponding to the length of that string.  
Really damn handy. 
Here's another fun one I just made:
```
namespace detail
{
    inline static constexpr uint32_t FNV1A_PRIME = 0x01000193U; //   16777619
    inline static constexpr uint32_t FNV1A_SEED  = 0x811C9DC5U; // 2166136261

    constexpr uint32_t fnv1a(char_t byte, uint32_t hash)
    {
        return (byte ^ hash) * FNV1A_PRIME;
    }
}

constexpr uint32_t operator "" _hash(const char_t* str, size_t len)
{
    uint32_t hash = detail::FNV1A_SEED;
    for (; len > 0; --len)
        hash = detail::fnv1a(*str++, hash);
    return hash;
}
```
So `"Hello world!"_hash` is a literal that converts into a U32 of the FNV1a hash of the string at compile-time. 
With that custom constexpr suffix, typing `"Hello world!"_hash` is functionally identical to typing 2054747410U.
Good for obfuscating your strings in release builds.